Member name
Description

Archive	
The file is a candidate for backup or removal.

Compressed	
The file is compressed.

Device	
Reserved for future use.

Directory	
The file is a directory.

Encrypted	
The file or directory is encrypted. For a file, this means that all data in the file is encrypted. For a directory, this means that encryption is the default for newly created files and directories.

Hidden	
The file is hidden, and thus is not included in an ordinary directory listing.

IntegrityStream	
The file or directory includes data integrity support. When this value is applied to a file, all data streams in the file have integrity support. When this value is applied to a directory, all new files and subdirectories within that directory, by default, include integrity support.

Normal	
The file is a standard file that has no special attributes. This attribute is valid only if it is used alone.

NoScrubData	
The file or directory is excluded from the data integrity scan. When this value is applied to a directory, by default, all new files and subdirectories within that directory are excluded from data integrity.

NotContentIndexed	
The file will not be indexed by the operating system's content indexing service.

Offline	
The file is offline. The data of the file is not immediately available.

ReadOnly	
The file is read-only.

ReparsePoint	
The file contains a reparse point, which is a block of user-defined data associated with a file or a directory.

SparseFile	
The file is a sparse file. Sparse files are typically large files whose data consists of mostly zeros.

System	
The file is a system file. That is, the file is part of the operating system or is used exclusively by the operating system.

Temporary	
The file is temporary. A temporary file contains data that is needed while an application is executing but is not needed after the application is finished. File systems try to keep all the data in memory for quicker access rather than flushing the data back to mass storage. A temporary file should be deleted by the application as soon as it is no longer needed.
